**Setting up GetPaid**

A guide to setting up GetPaid can be found at the following URL,
which includes screenshots and additional information:

http://plone.org/products/getpaid/documentation/tutorial/setting-up-getpaid/tutorial-all-pages

The following information assumes you have successfully installed
GetPaid. If you haven't done this yet, please read installation.txt

To set up GetPaid, you will need an existing Plone site.
If you do not have one, please create one now but do *not* use the
PloneGetPaid extension profile.

Once you have a Plone site, go to the Zope Management Interface for
the portal_quickinstaller, check the box next to PloneGetPaid and
click the "Install" button.

Now, view your Plone site and go to the "site setup". Under Add-on
Product Configuration, you should see GetPaid. Click on it to begin
setting it up.

You now need to go through each of the sections and fill in the
appropriate fields. While not all fields and sections are mandatory,
it is recommended that you fill out information in all the sections
applicable to your store to provide the best user experience.

- Site Profile

  Here you need to enter contact details for the organisation from
  which sales will be made. Note that email is necessary for notifications from the store; address is necessary if you are using shipping functionalities. 

- Content Types

  This is where you configure the types of content that will be
  buyable, donatable or shippable. 
  Please see creating-buyable-content.txt

- Shipping Methods

  To have available options here, you need to have the UPS feature enabled in your buildout (or included in your product you installed). 

  However, you will also need to fill in the zip code field of the
  Site Profile section if you wish to have shipping enabled

- Payment Options

  Here you should select the payment options for you GetPaid site, including the process (you must save this page for the processor to be selected), SSL, anonymous checkout, and the credit cards to be accepted. 

  - Payment Processor

    Here you must select payment processor you'd like to use.
    All of the installed payment processors should be listed. Once you
    have selected one, you must click the "apply" button for
    appropriate configuration to be performed.

    The following payment processors are available but will need to be
    seperately installed:

    - Authorize.net (getpaid.authorizedotnet)

      This requires you to have a US-based merchant account

    - Ogone (getpaid.ogone)

      This allows European-based merchant accounts

    - Paymentech (getpaid.paymentech)

    - GoogleCheckout (getpaid.googlecheckout)

    If you don't know which payment processor you wish to use, select
    the Testing Processor. This will allow you to experience the
    features of GetPaid before setting up a real payment processor.

  - Allow Anonymous Checkout

    If checked, anonymous users will be allowed to use the shopping
    cart, check out and place orders. However, they won't be able to
    access the review of their order.

    If not checked, only users who are logged in will be able to use
    the checkout and place orders. Because they are identified, they
    will be able to access the review of their order.

  - Use SSL for Checkout

    If checked, the browser will be redirected to use https when
    clicking on the checkout button and will stay in https until the
    thankyou page, which will then redirect back to http.

    It should be noted that this isn't usually necessary as the
    payment processor will secure any communications with the end user
    as necessary.

  - Accepted Credit Cards

    Here you can limit the types of credit card that will be
    accepted. By default, all types are accepted and so are included
    on the list on the right. If you do not wish all types to be
    accepted, use the arrows to move those you do not wish to be
    accepted to the left column.
    
- Payment Processor Settings

  Here you will find specific settings for the payment processor you
  have selected. Please consult the documentation provided with the
  payment processor for more information.

- Sales Tax Configuration

  Here you can configure methods of applying sales tax.
  This area is currently under development and might be best avoided.

- Email Notifications

  Here you can configure what emails are send as part of the shopping
  process. If you do not have a mailhost set on your server, you will
  need to disable the email notifications here. 

  Also, if you want to receive email notifications, be
  sure to enter an email address in the "Site Profile" part in the
  GetPaid Setup; 

- Legal Disclaimers

  Here you may enter any legal disclaimers or privacy policies that
  need to be supplied as part of the shopping process.

- Upgrade

  Here you can update the data stored in an existing GetPaid site.
