**Creating Content Buyable Content for GetPaid**

This document assumes you have already set up a Plone site with
GetPaid. If you haven't, please read setup.txt

Now you need to make content buyable, donatable or shippable. You accomplish this by configuring the content type to be capable of being buyable, donatable or shippable and then enabling that action on each specific instance of the content type. Note: for doing this in the code for a content type, see development/make-content-types-buyable.txt . 

To do this, first go to the "site setup" section of your site when viewed
through the Plone interface and click on "GetPaid" in the "Add-on
Product Configuration" section. 

Here, click on the "Content Types" sub-section and use
the arrows to move any appropriate content types to the "Selected"
column on the right of the Buyable, Donatable or Shippable sections.

The differences are explained below:

- Buyable

  Buyable content is anything that can be bought that doesn't fall
  into another category. It is also meant as a starting point for implementing custom functionality around payable behaviors. 

  Content selected to be buyable will have a "make buyable"
  action available. Performing this action will add a "payable" view
  to the content where the Product Code and Price of this item can be
  entered. 

  The Product Code is an optional internal code for the product as
  used by the organisation selling it.

  The Price is the price to charge for each item of this type that is
  sold. 

  Once a price has been entered, viewing the content will show a
  "Product Details" portlet which allow end users to add the product
  to their cart.

- Donatable

  Donatable doesn't appear to differ from Buyable functionally
  apart from one text field. It is also set up so that the checkout leads directly into the checkout page as opposed to the review/manage cart screen. 

  This will mean content of the selected types has a 
  "make this a donation" action available. Performing this action will
  add a "payable" view to the content where the Product Code, Price
  and Donation Description of this item can be entered. 

  The Product Code is an optional internal code used to refer to the
  item to which money can be donated as used by the organisation
  making it available.

  The Price is the donation required for the item. 

  The Donation Description is a textual description that will show up
  in the Product Details portlet when this content is viewed.

  Once a price has been entered, viewing the content will show a
  "Product Details" portlet which allow end users to add the product
  to their cart.

- Shippable

  Any content type that represents something that can be physcially
  shipped to a customer should be marked as Shippable.

  This will mean content of the selected types has a 
  "make shippable product" action available. Performing this action will
  add a "payable" view to the content where the Product Code, Price,
  Dimensions, Product SKU and Shipping Weight of this item can be entered. 

  The Product Code is an optional internal code used to refer to the
  item to which money can be donated as used by the organisation
  making it available.

  The Price is the donation required for the item. 

  Dimensions is not currently used, though in the future some shipping integration may take advantage of it. For that reason, no specific format is required. 

  The Shipping Weight lets you specify the value and units for the
  weight of the content. This is used when shipping calculators are integrated to determine the cost of the shipment. 

  To use shippables, you must have a shipping method configured or the
  checkout will not function.


