**Handling the Fulfillment side of Orders with GetPaid**

This document is targeted at people who are responsible for the
order fulfillment side of running an online service based on GetPaid.

This document assumes you have set up a GetPaid site and have orders
to process. If this isn't the case, please start with installation.txt
and work through the documentation from there.

Each order in GetPaid has a workflow associated with it's financial
status. This workflow is usually managed by the payment processor you
have selected. However, it may help to understand the states and
transitions used and so they are documented here.

NEW

  This is the initial state for the fulfillment workflow and indicates
  that the order has been successfully submitted and payment will
  likely have been recieved. However, before despatching anything,
  care should be taken to ensure that the finance state of the order
  is CHARGED.

  From here, the following actions can be taken:

  process-order

    This indicates that you are starting to process the order by
    either collecting physical items that need shipping or performing
    other actions required to fulfill the order. The fulfillment state
    of the order becomes PROCESSING.

  cancel-new-order

    This indicates that an order has been cancelled before any
    fulfillment processing has taken place. The fulfillment state of
    the order becomes WILL_NOT_DELIVER.

PROCESSING

  This indicates processing for fulfillment of the order is under way.
  
  From here, the following actions can be taken:

  deliver-processing-order

    This indicates that all requirement fulfillment processing has
    been completed and changes the order's fulfillment status to
    DELIVERED. 

  cancel-order

    This indicates than an order was cancelled while fulfillment
    processing was taking place.

DELIVERED

  This indicates that the order has been completely fulfilled.

WILL_NOT_DELIVER

  This indicates that the order has been cancelled and will not be
  fulfilled. 

There are also plans for workflows for individual items on an order,
and shipments that are attached to orders but these are not currently
finished and should be avoided for now.